Example boilerplates and Document Field Customisation Example (#7813)
keystonejs/keystone: examples/document-field-customisation/keystone-server/README.md

# Document Field Customisation - Keystone

Keystone example to customise document field using component blocks.

## Running the example

1. Install dependencies

```shell
yarn
```

2. Start the server

```shell
yarn dev
```

If everything works 🤞 the GraphQL Server and Admin UI will start on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000),

## Try it out in CodeSandbox 🧪

> You can play with this example online in [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io/) service. To launch this example, open the URL <https://githubbox.com/keystonejs/keystone/tree/main/examples/e2e-boilerplate/keystone-server>. You can also fork this sandbox to make your own changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can play with this example online in [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io/) service. To launch this example, open the URL <https://githubbox.com/keystonejs/keystone/tree/main/examples/document-field-customisation/keystone-server>. You can also fork this sandbox to make your own changes.
```
